Adnin v23 - Lunar / Badlion / Vanilla Minecraft 1.8.9 x64

The usage ZIP contains exactly Adnin.exe. The program embeds its Lunar and
Badlion/Vanilla DLL payloads, icon and third-party notices. No Forge installation,
ClientSideSounds JAR, audio pack or sidecar DLL is required.

Updating
1. Exit a game process that already has an older Adnin DLL loaded, then restart
   the supported 1.8.9 client. Do not inject a second version into the same process.
2. Double-click Adnin.exe with one supported game window open. The injector
   selects the matching payload and displays success or failed in one window.
3. A successful result closes after its two-second countdown and fade. A failed
   result stays open and offers Export log. The red dot closes either result.
4. In game, use /config to open the menu.

New in v23
- Cache positive teammate names and UUIDs for the current match. Temporary
  respawn/spectator states, Tab disappearance, entity replacement and a local
  entity tick reset do not erase an already confirmed teammate.
- Never use light gray `§7` as a self or teammate color. A teammate already
  confirmed earlier in the same match remains cached while briefly gray.
- Pause all five Anticheat checks and new queries/denick work for light-gray
  players. Suppress their new local/party announcements; retain known player
  data, Nick/Denick identity, tags and teammate decisions across gray respawns.
  Party IDs ignores newly observed gray players without erasing earlier groups.
  White `§f` and dark gray `§8` are not light gray.
- Repair Lunar Party Detector IDs recovery: only a successful `/locraw` send
  completes the cycle; transient missing-player/sidebar/sender failures can
  retry up to three times with five seconds between attempts and a fresh 500 ms
  waiting-room check. Lobby, active game and Replay restrictions remain.
- The settings header now displays `v23`.
- Ping now uses the public Aurora v2 endpoint under the existing API Proxy
  switch. No Ping API key is sent. The current asynchronous worker/cache are
  retained: completed results 10 minutes, request failures 45 seconds.

Anticheat:
- Exposes Autoblock, NoFall, NoSlow, Scaffold and Legit Scaffold. Four checks
  retain the RavenBS-Plus-Plus port; Scaffold uses Mellow's logic since v17.
  Old native detector calls are disabled in both payloads, and old saved
  switches cannot reactivate them.
- Enabled defaults off. Each check and Flag Sound default on.
- Flag interval: 0-60 seconds, default 20, per player and check.
- Ignore teammates, Only Atlas suspect and Auto report
  are optional and default off. Ignored players accepts comma-separated names.
- Alerts are local, retain nametag colors and offer a clickable WDR action for
  valid account names. Auto report sends only after an eligible alert and must
  be explicitly enabled. Replay actors and Atlas suspects do not generate WDR.
- Enable Output: Anticheat to forward detection text to party chat. This option
  is independent of Player Data, Nick / Denick and Tags. It never forwards the
  WDR control and only sends while the game or Replay gate is active.

Utils -> Client Side Sounds:
- Defaults off. Enable to hear immediate local block-placement sounds during
  remote non-creative play and suppress matching delayed server echoes.
- The toggle applies immediately. It replaces the source mod's /bps command.
- Functional-block interaction, sneaking, replaceable blocks, all six faces,
  non-block items and air-use packets receive their appropriate handling.
- Singleplayer and creative mode do not add prediction sounds. Disabling the
  option restores normal server-sound forwarding.

Runtime limits
Both payloads target the analyzed Windows x64 Minecraft 1.8.9 runtimes. They do
not claim compatibility with every modified client or other Minecraft versions.
The real GuiIngame tick hook is installed independently of Session Stats.
Genuinely missing/backward/stalled samples still restart detector evidence;
the detector does not invent observations. Scaffold uses the Mellow port
described in the v17 evidence, and its timing is not guaranteed at accelerated
Replay speeds. Use 1x playback when checking detections. No client-side check
covers every bridging technique or every incomplete recording.
These client-side checks are heuristic alerts, not authoritative proof.

The current verification report is in 验证状态.md in the source archive.
Build, ABI, signed-loader, menu and in-memory packet tests are offline evidence.
The new modules have not been verified in a live Lunar/Badlion/Vanilla session.
No real chat, party message or report command was sent during these tests.

Settings and privacy
API keys and the custom Bot URL start empty. Existing settings in the game's
adnin-features.properties are reused, so changing EXEs does not clear old values.
New sound and AntiCheat options are stored in that same game-local file.
No personal settings, API keys or custom Bot URL are included in the release.
Do not distribute your settings file. Public Urchin/Mojang service endpoints
remain part of the existing program. Supported software-generated UI and errors
follow the selected English, Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese language.
API reasons, names and received chat keep their original content.

Retained features
Urchin game-entry queries and content cache, colored tags and names, FK/LV,
configured Tab order, Bot/Skin denicker support and party Output remain present.
Party Output removes only a leading [Adnin] and splits only when the selected
client's accepted chat-packet size requires it. Bot failures remain local.

Maintenance build (source archive only)
  .\Build.ps1 -BuildDirectory build-v21
  python scripts/package.py --build build-v21 --version v21
Use -VanillaJar and -RuntimeClasspath when dependencies cannot be discovered.
The source archive does not redistribute Minecraft, Lunar or the supplied mod JAR.
The injector is C++20. The recovered native function bodies remain NASM plus
Java/JNI extensions; they are not a complete C++ source rewrite.
Raven's MIT notice is in resources/THIRD_PARTY_NOTICES.txt and EXE resource 202.
The Mellow Scaffold GPLv3 notice is also retained in the source and EXE resource.
